add_group instructors
add_group friends
add_group connections
list_groups
add_user instructors elton1
add_user instructors pancer 
add_user friends david3 
add_user instructors elton
add_user instructors nizam
list_users instructors
list_users friends
list_users connections
remove_user instructors elton
list_users instructors
remove_user instructors elton1
list_users instructors
user_balance instructors pancer
user_balance friends david3
under_paid instructors
under_paid connections
add_xct instructors pancer 65
list_users instructors
user_balance instructors pancer
user_balance instructors nizam
add_xct friends david3 15.08
list_users friends
user_balance friends david3
add_xct instructors nizam 117.95
list_users instructors
user_balance instructors pancer
user_balance instructors nizam
add_xct instructors pancer 220.95
list_users instructors
user_balance instructors pancer
user_balance instructors nizam
list_users friends
user_balance friends david3
under_paid instructors
list_users instructors
recent_xct instructors 5
remove_user instructors pancer
recent_xct instructors 5
recent_xct friends 5
remove_user friends david3
list_users friends
recent_xct friends 5
quit
